[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman
The paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get
to living it here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world
confusin' me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ There ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody
who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're
lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Doobie do bah bah dah ♪♪
[instrumental music]
The channel 8 action news at
4:00 will be right back
with Danny Tanner
and all the sports.
You'll see grunting,
you'll see sweat
and when
I'm done doing that
I'll read the scores.
We've gone to commercial.
Great. Thank you, Derek.
Robin! Hi!
How'd your interview go?
Wait. Don't tell me.
Mr. Morton loved you.
And you're our new
field reporter.
And if you are, are you
making more money than me?
[laughs]
Yeah, right.
My first reporting job
making more money than you?
I haven't even met
Mr. Morton yet.
He's still at lunch.
He is gonna love you.
It'll be so great
to have you here..
...unless you make
more money than me.
(Derek)
'Tanner.'
Warriors just
made a trade.
I'll be right there.
Let's move it!
In a second, Derek.
Why don't you come over
for dinner tonight?
Sounds great. I'll check
into my hotel and be right--
Hotel? For my old
pal Robin? Uh-uh.
You're checking in
at the Tanner Hilton.
I'll put a new paper
strip over the toilet.
You'll be all set.
Tanner, move,
move, move!
Derek, do you
need me for something?
Have mercy.
'Michelle,
look at her.'
'She's beautiful.'
Alright, kid.
Do your thing.
Alright, Michelle..
...beam her in.
Oh! She is so adorable.
Here she comes, Michelle.
You're better
than a Ferrari.
Hi, there, little angel.
- Hello.
Oh, I was just
thinking that this
has got to be the cutest
little baby I've ever seen.
Oh, you think she's
cute now? Watch this.
[blows a raspberry]
Go ahead. Try it.
- Are you sure?
- 'Yeah, go.'
- Okay.
- 'Try it.'
[blows a raspberry]
My niece Michelle
really likes you.
It's a pleasure to meet..
...you, Michelle.
I'm Robin Winslow.
Oh, Michelle wants you to know
that my name's Jesse Cochran.
'What, Michelle?'
Excuse me a sec.
[sighs]
I know this is
kind of embarrassing
and we just met and all,
but Michelle thinks
that the three of us are
having such a good time
that maybe the three of us
should get together
for a romantic evening
of dinner and dancing.
Oh. Well, listen.
I've got to get
settled in tonight
but if tomorrow
night's good
how about maybe
the three of us
meeting here
around 6:00?
- Darn.
- Darn?
Michelle's got tickets to
the opera tomorrow night.
But I suppose you and I
could still go out.
Well, I don't know.
Only if it's alright
with Michelle.
Oh, it's fin..
Let me ask.
Is it okay, Michelle?
Is it okay?
Michelle says it's okay.
So should we seal it
with a kiss?
For Michelle, of course.
Of course.
Michelle,
give her a kiss.
Michelle thinks
you have beautiful eyes.
I think Michelle's
been hanging around
too many single's bars.
Bye, Michelle.
Bye, Jesse.
Ah-ha-ha-ha!
What a team.
(Derek)
Stand by! On the air
in 15 seconds!
Danny, listen. I've got
an audition for a big gig
and Joey's running
the girls around town
so you have to
take Michelle.
Yeah, but I..
And now, here with
all the sports
our very own
Danny Tanner.
Hello.
Uh, I'd like to introduce
a new addition
to the sports segment.
My daughter, Michelle
Michelle is here to pick
tonight's NBA winners.
Okay, honey, who do you
think is gonna win?
Do you think The Warriors
can beat the Nuggets tonight?
Yes, Michelle picks
The Warriors.
By how many points,
honey? Five points.
Yes. See that?
One point, maybe.
One point.
Five points.
Thank you,
Michelle, The Greek.
D.J., I remember you
when you were...that big.
Do you remember me at all?
Sure, I do.
You're the one who..
...looked like you.
- Ha ha ha!
- Right.
It's okay, Deej.
You were only five.
I'm only 5.
Does that mean I'm
gonna forget all of this?
Probably.
I should be
taking notes.
[rice sizzles]
Now, Michelle,
if anyone asks you
I made this dinner
completely by myself.
You never saw
these take-out cartons.
But I see 'em.
Ha ha ha! Hi.
Joey! Joey! Joey!
Steph, I'm tired
of getting a hard time
because I'm not
the world's greatest cook.
Don't worry, Joey.
I'm not the world's
greatest anything.
Now, that is not true.
You are the world's
greatest Stephanie
and that's a lot.
Thanks, Joey.
And don't worry
I'll keep your secret.
But watch her..
...she's a blabbermouth.
Okay, why don't you go tell
everyone I'm almost
through cooking.
Okay. Alright. Thank you.
I'll just get rid
of the evidence.
[knock on door]
Hi, Joey.
Hi, Jill.
Yeah, I am just
cooking up a storm here.
Is Jesse home yet?
Jill, are you
dating Jesse again?
Yeah, well, we never
really stopped.
See, if we don't have a date
with anybody else
we sort of have a date
with each other.
Unbelievable.
Even when he doesn't have
a date, he has a date.
Go on. Get out of here.
Hello, everybody.
Jesse.
Robin, I'd like you to meet
my brother-in-law, Jesse.
Jesse, this is Robin.
She was a news writer
at my first station.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Any day now, they'll
get to "Nice to meet you."
We're going out
tomorrow, right?
Absolutely.
Boy, does he work fast.
We met at the station.
Oh. Jesse, I hope
you don't mind
but I-I invited Robin to
stay here this weekend
and I thought she could
stay in your room.
God bless you.
Of course, that means
you'll be moving in with--
No, no, no, no.
Don't say it.
Please don't say
the "J" word.
Ding ding ding! Come on!
Soup's on! Hey, plenty
of grub for everybody!
Hyah! Keep them
doggies rolling!
Go on, grab a beef hoof,
Danny! Go on, hyah!
Hi, roomie!
Hi, Jesse.
Hi, Jill.
Hi, Jill?
Hi, Jill!
Oh, you didn't forget about
our date tonight, did you?
Uh, no. No, of course not.
We're going right now.
Let's go, let's go
get something to eat.
- Shall we?
- Wait. Don't go.
I spent hours cooking
a delicious Chinese meal.
Yum! I love Chinese!
I better check
on my egg rolls.
You better protect
your egg rolls.
Have a seat, roomie!
So, Robin, this
is my friend Jill.
Jill, this is my
other friend Robin.
Yes, friends
meeting friends
having a nice,
friendly dinner
of friendship, if you will.
Jill and I
have already met
but it's nice to
meet you again.
In fact,
Jill was telling me
that you two have
a date tonight.
Yeah, can you believe
he got off this cheap?
But he's so cute.
How could you not love him?
So, let's see what
Joseph's cooked up
for us tonight, shall we?
Oh, look at this food.
- Joey, it smells great.
- Mmm.
- It is good.
Thank you, I guess
that's the last we'll hear
about Joey being a bad cook.
You know, it tastes
a little like the Lo mien
at Uncle Wu's
Chinese palace.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yes, it does.
Except it's much better.
Thank you, Stephanie.
So sweetie, what movie
should we see tonight?
Uh-uh...we-we'll decide
on the way.
So, D.J., how was
your day at school?
Fine.
Uh, uh, Steph, h-how was your
day at school today?
Fine.
Normally, you can't
shut 'em up.
Daniel, you have
an exciting career.
How was your day
at work today?
Fine.
Mmm, this food is yum.
You know, Jesse and I met
in a Chinese restaurant.
I don't think they wanna
hear about that, Jill.
Oh, I'd love to.
Now she talks.
Well, Jesse came in to pick up
a take-out order
with baby Michelle.
There's something
about a man with a baby
that's so sexy
and so...hard to resist.
Oh, it's becoming easier.
You use my baby to meet women?
Michelle, tomorrow you're coming
with me to the market.
Once Jesse got me to kiss
the baby, I was hooked.
Really? Did you blow
on her tummy too?
Yeah, the first time I met her.
How did you know?
[chuckles]
Just some crazy hunch.
Uncle Jesse, is the food
too spicy for you?
No, why?
Because you're
sweating bullets.
[instrumental music]
(Robin)
'And turning to local news'
substantial rainfall at
key northern watersheds
has eliminated the--
- Hello! Hello! Hello!
- Hey, Jess.
Hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
Oh, not at all,
Robin and I were
just working on
her audition piece.
Great. Listen, this will
just take a few minutes.
I need to talk to Robin
privately, please.
Sounds like my cue.
Uh, no, Danny, don't go.
Jesse, if this is about Jill
there's nothing to explain.
Yes, there is,
I want you to know that
there's nothing between us.
Jesse, we just met!
There is no reason in the world
why you should feel bad
about having a date tonight.
Great, so we're still
going out tomorrow night?
Well, you know, I've been
thinking about this
and it's probably
not a good idea.
I should be focusing
on my career.
Did I hear you say you're
breaking our date?
Did I just hear Michelle?
Danny, don't go.
Yes, Jesse.
I'm sorry, but I am.
I'm breaking our date.
- No.
- Yes.
No.
Yes.
Jesse, she's breaking the date.
No.
(together)
Yes.
The truth is, seeing you
and Jill together
it made me realize I've
been out with you before.
Not in this life.
Oh, I..
In a past life.
We doubled with Shirley Maclaine
and King Tut, right?
Okay, that was very cute.
See, I'm cute now.
You think I'm cute now.
I am adorable on
a date. Tell her.
He's a fox.
What I meant is,
I've been out with..
...your type before
and it always gets me
into trouble, Jesse.
Oh, I'm a type!
I'm sure there's someplace
else I have to be.
Sit down!
You don't wanna miss this. She's
about to tell me about my type.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Type away.
Alright.
I'll tell you exactly
what your type is.
You're the guitar-playing,
leather-wearing
Elvis-loving,
motorcycle-riding
girl-chasing,
blow-drying
baby-toting tough-guy type.
How's that?
Lucky guess.
- But you got me.
- Yeah.
'You got me on that one.'
Robin, sit down.
See, I'm other types too. I'm..
I'm-I'm the romantic type.
I'm, uh,
I'm the compassionate type.
I'm the type that's
attracted to your type.
Really?
Is anyone aware of the fact
that I'm still in the room?
- Excuse me.
- Uh, Danny.
Don't you dare leave now.
Jesse, there's one more
thing about your type.
I will take bets
that you have not had
a relationship last
for more than 3 months.
Am I right or am I right?
- Wrong!
- Wrong?
Wrong, I was madly in love
with this girl named
Sharon...uh, Sharon.
- Edwards.
- Edwards. Sharon Edwards.
I was madly in love
with Sharon Edwards
for four beautiful months.
I remember her.
Didn't she spend two of those
beautiful months in Europe?
Get out. Get out.
Get out of here!
Yes, I can leave now. Ha! Ha!
I'm off now to patch up
that pesky Iran-Iraq squabble.
[sighs]
The truth?
I'm afraid of
getting hurt again.
Guys like you and I,
we never work out
because we're totally
different people.
Yes, but Robin, that's
the exciting part.
That's the beauty
of this thing.
We're like...like fire
and ice, you and me.
Do you know what you get
with fire and ice?
Yeah...steam.
A puddle!
Goodnight, Jesse.
Well, that's it. I'm not
taking no for an answer.
I'm not going out
with you. Goodnight.
But thank you very much for
letting me use your room.
I'm kicking you
out of your own room.
- Oh, thank you very much.
- You're welcome very much.
And don't touch
any of my records!
Hi.
We were just, uh..
...talking and--
Oh, it's-it's none
of our business.
We were all just
passing in the hall
at the exact same time.
Uncle Jesse, you
really like her, huh?
No, I don't like her.
I'll admit at first there was
a wee bit of an attraction.
[sighs]
Yes, I really like her.
This is the worst
breakup ever
in my whole entire life.
And I haven't even been
out with her yet.
[instrumental music]
Fellas, look. I'm alright.
It's over. Her loss.
I'm moving on.
You can't fool your roomie.
Joseph, why
don't you believe me?
Because you were up
almost the whole night
singing "Heartbreak Hotel"
in your sleep.
Jesse, you always rush
into everything.
Why don't you
just slow down?
Let her get to know you.
Be her friend first.
Friends are what
you're forced to become
after you break up.
Look, guys, it doesn't
matter, okay? I'm fine.
Oh, yeah? Is that why
you just served me
the leaning tower
of French toast?
You look thin.
Oh, and I suppose
I'm King Kong Bundy?
You're getting so pretty.
Can I help you
with your nails?
Sure, D.J., just try to stay
above the cuticles, okay?
Are there any other
parts on your body
that I can help with?
Ah, would you like
to brush my hair?
Alright!
Much better than nails.
When you get the job
and move here..
...you can come visit us
all the time.
And date Uncle Jesse.
Well, I would love to
see the two of you
but you know,
I wouldn't count on me
dating your Uncle Jesse.
You know, David and Maddie
on "Moonlighting"
didn't like each other
at first, either.
Uncle Jesse's
a great catch.
He can sing.
And he gives fun
piggyback rides.
He's got an awesome
head of hair.
And he teaches you to ride
a 2-wheeler without
training wheels.
As long as you don't
ride in the street.
Oh, you know,
you two are so sweet.
I only hope someday that I
have nieces just like you.
Marry Uncle Jesse
and you will.
'Good morning, girls.'
- 'Morning. Morning.'
- Hi, Robin.
Good morning, Jesse.
Come on, girls, I'll
give you a ride
to school in my bug-mobile.
Shotgun!
No fair. I gotta get
my milk money.
Okay. Hurry up, kid.
I'll wait for you.
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Ow! Ow!
What, what, what, what,
what, what, what, what?
Let me see! Let me see!
Let me see!
Aw, uh, uh, oh! You're in luck.
It just so happens that I went
to finger college, okay?
Now in order to
treat your finger
I've got to know
what color the pain is.
'What you have to do is
close your eyes'
put your finger
on your nose
and that way we can tell
what color the pain is.
Come on, do it.
I'm the finger doctor.
Okay, very good.
Now, what color is the pain?
It's kind of green.
It's kind of green?
Any other colors?
How about polka dots?
Yeah, there's polka dots.
Blue ones.
Any stripes?
No stripes.
Oh, good! That's good.
Because stripes are dangerous.
'Alright, this is
easy to diagnose.'
Nine out of ten doctors
will agree
that we can solve the pain
by opening your eyes
and taking your finger
off your nose.
It's gone.
Thanks, Uncle Jesse.
Alright. No charge.
We'll put it on your
father's medical insurance.
You're wasting
your time killing bugs.
Come on. I'll give you
a piggyback ride.
Here we go! Here we go!
Up!
Good luck today.
What a guy, huh?
And there were no fights
in hockey today.
Finally, Michelle would
like to thank all of you
for your calls asking
her to be a regular
on the 4 o'clock sports.
Yesterday, Michelle
picked the warriors by five.
And son of a gun.
Son of a gun if they
didn't win 106-101.
But I'm afraid Michelle
is retiring as odds maker.
That's right, to resume her
former career of eating
learning to talk, and burping.
[laughs]
Well, that's sports.
This is Danny
and Michelle Tanner
saying bye-bye
and bye-bye.
So long, San Francisco..
...until 6:00. See you then.
(Derek)
'We're off the air.'
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
Jesse, thanks for
picking up Michelle.
No problem. Everybody
has a purpose in life.
Mine is chauffeuring
around little babies.
- Keep up the good work.
- Okay.
"Substantial rainfall
in key northern watersheds
"has eliminated the threat
of cutbacks
"in water deliveries next year
"to municipal
and industrial users
in northern California.
Now, what does this--"
Hi! Hi!
What? What is it, Jesse?
Well, Michelle was
just, uh, saying
how interesting it was.
Don't do that Michelle
business, please.
You didn't like it. Be honest.
How do I say this without
hurting your feelings?
It put me to sleep.
That's not how you'd say it.
Robin, you have something
special inside you.
You gotta let it out.
You gotta show some energy.
Auditions scare me to death.
You have to have fun,
I mean, you know?
like the kid.
You can't be afraid
to get crazy.
Let me show you. Let me show you
What I'm talking about? Here.
- Okay.
- Hold the baby. Come here.
It's gotta be
something like this.
Okay.
Hello, San Francisco.
How the heck are you?
Jesse Cochran here,
for the channel ocho news.
Today's top story is
wet and wild. Get this.
"There has been
substantial rainfall
in key northern watersheds."
What does that mean?
No more having to beg for
water in restaurants.
Take longer showers.
Wash your car every day.
And hey, yank that brick out
of the toilet, huh?
San Francisco,
the good life is back.
We've got water
coming out our ears!
"For municipal
and industrial users
"in Northern California,
have mercy.
You see? That's it.
You've got to laugh.
You've got to smile.
That's what you have to
put into your audition.
'We've got to beef up
security in here.'
'Miss Winslow, you're on.'
She's beautiful. She's
intelligent. She's charming.
Everything that I
want in a newswoman.
Ladies and gentlemen, may I
present Miss Robin Winslow.
Give me the kid.
Thank you, young man..
...whoever he was.
I don't know.
Hello, San Francisco.
This is Robin Winslow.
Channel Eight news.
"Substantial rainfall
in key northern watersheds
"has eliminated..
To Robin, Channel Eight's
newest field reporter.
(together)
Alright!
And to all of you for
all of your help, thank you.
You're welcome.
What did you do?
I don't know.
But when somebody
says thank you
you're supposed to
say, "you're welcome."
Jesse, can I
have a word with you?
Sure. Will you excuse us?
You're excused.
I love being polite.
I just wanted to thank you
for all your help.
Hey, I'm happy to do it.
Which part helped you
out the most?
Oh, I'd have to say it was
your insane newscast.
It was so awful,
it made me look terrific.
That was all part of my plan.
I was wrong about you.
You're different than all the
other "yous" I've dated before
but do you know
what I like most?
Hmm. Let's see.
How about my love
for adventure?
Uh, the way I live
my life on the edge?
Your strong
maternal instincts.
The words I've been
dying to hear from a woman.
Oh, boy, how
did this happen?
I never even used to like kids
until I talked to one.
Well, you've got
a terrific family here.
Those girls really adore you.
And I'm beginning to see why.
Listen, Robin, I'm
not the type of guy
that just rushes
into relationships, okay?
I think you and I
should become friends.
I'd like that.
Good. So we'll just
be friends. Period.
You've got it, buddy.
Alright, pal.
But listen, now if you want to
go beyond this friendship thing
you're gonna have to
make the first move, okay?
'cause it's not gonna be me.
I understand that.
Let's get back
to the party. Come on.
Robin, I'm curious,
if you did happen
to make that first move,
what would it be?
I mean, I-I would
hate to miss it.
Trust me, if I made
a move, you'd know it.
Okay, pal?
Okay, little buddy.
Was that a move?
Did your toes curl?
Yeah. Does that mean
you're making a move?
No, when I make a move..
...everything curls.
Have mercy!
[theme music]